right here this is the intended usage
model of this product this is the
Phantom lap board I'm sitting on a couch
and I have the Phantom lap board where
it belongs on my lap so it is no longer
a phantom although it does say phantom
on the box because it finally exists
it's finally released I have a physical
lap board now we've been talking about
this product for ages but here it is so
this is a wireless laser mouse and
keyboard combo with a built-in sort of
mouse pad surface the keyboard swivels
around it's got all these great features
but I think probably the best thing to
do is take a quick look at the box here
and then get it open so we can have a
look at it
so here we've got the package contents
which I'm sure you're fully capable of
reading on the back we've got some
outlines of the media functions that it
has so it has 13 media keys 10 of which
are like FN something else keys so
they've got the blue text on them and
then three dedicated media keys here
we've got another general outline of the
overall specs so remember this is will
not remember I haven't said it yet but
the intended use of this keyboard is
from the couch so they want you to be
able to game operate the Internet do
whatever it is you do on a computer with
your media PC from the comfort of the
couch so we've had we actually had a
look at the vision tech candy board
recently and my overall impressions of
that was this is pretty cool but if I
were actually gonna like sit on sit on
the couch and browse the Internet it
wouldn't really be suitable so this is
meant to be the dip sort of in-between
having a dedicated keyboard device that
has handheld and using like a regular
keyboard and mouse and operating the
mouse on the couch beside you so here
let's have let's have a look at the
laser mouse what the cameraman was
trying to do so we've got a glossy white
finish on here there's a black version
as well we've got a scroll wheel two
buttons no back and forward buttons I
wouldn't have minded seeing that but
maybe in red 2 on the bottom we've got a
power on and power off switch as well as
a battery
oh I'm not sure how that works hold on
there's probably a way to do this that's
cleverer than I am I bet you push this
in and then slide it or something okay
well we'll figure out the battery later
there's a binding key and that's about
it you can see the laser sensors right
there so there's the mouse and then the
keyboard this is the really innovative
piece because the reality of it is you
could kind of use it with any wireless
mouse that you so desire because yeah
I'm gonna go ahead and move the box they
both operate with double-a batteries and
they estimate about a four month life
time for the batteries here is how it
works I actually don't know how it works
yet but okay there we go so the lab
board actually sits like this and then
if you're left-handed you can operate
the mouse on this surface right here so
I'm gonna go ahead and put it down the
way that it's intended to be used so if
I'm left-handed it works like this but
get it get this wait there's more
there's more okay so you actually can
take the lap board and turn it at any
angle you like including all the way the
other way around so now you can hold it
like this so you can type which is
actually reasonably comfortable and the
keys feel all right
I really like the keyboard layout on
this thing I cheated a little bit before
I did the unboxing but they haven't done
anything stupid everyone always does
something stupid on a keyboard it's like
this keyboard would be great except it's
got a short backspace or this keyboard
would be great except it has a short
Shift key
this keyboard is just great it's compact
it has all the keys that you really need
including dedicated arrow keys yes thank
you it's designed for internet browsing
you've got home and page up page down
dedicated keys so it's got everything
you need to comfortably browse the
Internet the tactile response is
reasonably good you got long shift keys
that are exactly where they belong long
backspace key long Enter key I mean they
got everything right I don't think I've
seen a keyboard that's gotten everything
right in terms of the standard layout
and I mean that's the funny thing is
standard layout it's supposed to be
standard it's supposed to be easy anyway
here's your media keys so I'm not sure
exactly what all of these do although I
can cheat a little bit
and I can pull up the box and we can
find out so f1 is gonna launch Media
Center okay that's pretty cool F 2
launches my music and then my photos my
videos my TV you can playback a DVD with
a dedicated media key so it's all about
media and games so this laser mouse
phantom is saying is perfectly capable
of gaming you can see the mousing
surface the usable size of it is
actually quite large like I can go all
the way up and down here I can go all
the way side to side until my knuckle
brushes the bottom of the lap board and
you can see they haven't cheaped out on
the surface so even though the edge you
can see the edge of the mousing surface
is here they've used the same material
here so you can actually cheat a little
bit if you want to go over a bit further
mind you I guess I've run into that USB
dongle pretty close unless you're really
kind of creative about it so there's the
USB dongle that's also included so
that's a 2.4 gigahertz so you can see
it's a phantom model from you thousand
that's pretty cool plug that into your
computer and then press presumably the
bind key on the mouse and then I don't
know if there's a bind key on the
keyboard we haven't flipped it over yet
so here on the bottom okay this isn't he
so you've got two rubber bars all along
the bottom of the phantom lap board so
that's gonna keep it in place while
you're frantically gaming or less
frantically doing something else you can
see it's actually quite difficult to
slip you can't see that but I'm telling
you that it's actually quite difficult
to move it around once it's positioned
on your lap now the overall feel of the
keyboard is it does have a little bit of
flex you're not gonna get around that I
mean you they're creating a hinge device
that is basically you know just using an
arm down here to support the whole
keyboard but as long as you're not
mashing on your keyboard you're gonna be
able to use it quite comfortably okay so
you can see once I put a little bit of
weight on it and I start typing it
doesn't actually move much even when I'm
depressing the keys so it does not
interfere with the typing process and
off use this and let's have a look at
the mechanism itself so I mean that's
gonna sort of be a make-or-break point
for something like this so I don't know
how oh oh there we go
oh okay I get it so this piece right
here when you lift it up see that lock
in place so then to lower the lap board
you just pull no push it in
lower it down and then you can use the
lap board without the mouse should you
so desire and then this I don't know
what this piece does but okay here let's
lift it up again so it only has one
setting which honestly I don't think
that's really very bothersome but maybe
some people wouldn't like that it's only
got the one setting but the fact that
you've got this adjustability although
I'm not sure what some of these settings
are actually for like maybe if you
wanted to sort of hold it at a bit of an
angle like this and then you have maybe
you have like kind of a longer right arm
and you want to hold it over here
I don't know mostly I can see people
using it like this or in the left handed
configuration here the trend around and
then use it on the other side but yeah I
guess I've said pretty much all I want
to say about it this looks pretty cool I
can't wait to try it out I'll be doing a
more full review once I find out well
how's the wireless signal strength how
comfortable is it to actually sit on the
couch and browse the internet or play
some games and overall my impressions
are quite solid
Oh